Aww, Mr. Stewart, welcome! How are you?
Fine, so I'm sick, and you?
Fine, thank you.
This is my friend Harry Bennett.
Please, Demit, very nice to meet you.
Any friend of this George is welcome at Sam's office?
Follow me, please.
I like it.
I do too. I come here often.
Special place for special people.
Thank you, some, actually.
Well, thanks for having me.
Thanks, restaurant.
Do you like something to drink?
Yes, I'd like a glass of ginger ale with ice.
Harry, what would you like?
Do you have a dry white wine?
How about a California Shabilee?
Shabilee is fine.
What would you like to eat?
I'd like the meat crop.
Harry, would you like to see an menu?
No, it's okay. I'll have the meat crop also.
What is it?
Crispy fried noodles.
I love them.
May I bring you a salad?
Oh, yes.
What do you recommend today?
I recommend Rose Petal Salad, special for new friends.
Rose Petal Salad?
Buena?
I'll take care of everything.
I hope you're hungry.
What?
Oh, yes.
Starting.
Well, I...
What do you do at the University of California?
I'm the vice president of new toy development.
Terrific.
I know you're a CPA.
That's true.
Harry Bennett certified public accountant.
I love numbers.
I do some work for Smith and Dale.
Your company's accounting firm.
And so...
Here we are.
Yes.
I have a daughter.
I know. How old is she?
She's nine years old.
That's a nice age.
What's her name?
Michelle.
Do you have a picture of her?
I really love it.
Yeah.
I like to.
Is he here something like this?
She's very pretty.
Thank you.
Rose Petal Salad.
And there's a phone call for you, Mr. Bennett.
Excuse me, sir.
I hope nothing is wrong.
I'm not sure.
Excuse me, sir.
I hope nothing is wrong.
I'll get the rest of the dinner.
Excuse me.
Please forgive me, Susan, but I have to leave.
I feel terrible.
What's the matter?
My daughter isn't feeling well.
Oh, no. Is it serious?
I don't know.
The babysitter says she has a stomachache and she's crying.
I'll have to go home.
You forgive them?
Of course.
I'm so sorry for Michelle.
And you didn't have a chance to eat.
Well, it's OK.
Let me take you home for a second.
No, no, please go ahead.
That's our first aid.
Will make another.
Please don't worry.
I'll phone you.
I hope your daughter is all right.
Thank you.
Bye.
Goodbye.